All right.
So the next part of your AppStore listing is of course your screenshots and just notice how much real
estate those two screenshots take up on the App Store listing.
It is huge.
It's pretty much two thirds of all the space.
So it's really important to make use of it because as we all know people scroll through the app stores
just at a glance and you have to make sure that you catch their eye when they do that.
So how do you go about implementing screenshots?
Well there's three predominant strategies that we've seen people do.
One is just very simple
screenshot taken while the app is in use and your hope is that the user will be able to gather what
the feature is or what your app is about just by looking at the screenshots.
A slightly better way is just by adding a brief sentence or two above the screenshot to tell people
what that amazing feature is
and essentially sell them on downloading it.
And the third way is a fully designed version where you really show off all of your features and how
your app is differentiated from other similar apps by using full blown designs that incorporate this
screenshot as well as explainer text.
So depending on how much budget depending on how much time, you can choose to go with one of these three
types of screenshots.
Now what a good screenshot should look like will be unique to your app.
And again as with app icons it requires quite a bit of split testing just showing users different screenshots
and seeing which ones really draw them in or which ones really persuade them to download the app. And
it will be something that you need to experiment and think about.
But here's a few rules to follow on what not to do
for screenshots.
Firstly, if you're using images that look like stock photography, just don't do it because it inevitably
looks cheesy and makes your app look really cheap.
Secondly, if you have so much explainer text that you can no longer see the screenshot below it,
don't do this because I don't know what this app is showing me anymore and I don't want to read through
reams and reams of text explaining to me how great this app is.
This is a total fail in terms of the screenshot.
It's still about the visual imagery.
So use people's faces, use things that draw people in instead of adding in loads of text.
Keep it to at maximum two sentences and ideally just a phrase.
Thirdly, if you're going to use images in your screenshot make sure that they are not pixelate.
Make sure that they are the right size and also if you are gonna cut out images and you know do some photoshopping,
make sure that you've got somebody who can actually use Photoshop and cut things out properly.
Believe it or not, this is the screenshot from Craigslist and from the looks of it, it looks like they
put up a Craigslist ad looking for just any random freelance designer who will design their screenshots. For
a big company like that you would expect a little bit better. So be better than Craigslist.
Make sure that your designs actually look good.